docs: Add ingress TLS cipher and version documentation (#12163)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/ingress-gateway.mdx

          },
        },
        {
          name: 'TLSMinVersion',
          type: 'string: ""',
          description: "Set the minimum TLS version supported for the gateway's listeners. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`. If unspecified, Envoy v1.22.0 and newer [will default to TLS 1.2 as a min version](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/pull/19330), while older releases of Envoy default to TLS 1.0.",
        },
        {
          name: 'TLSMaxVersion',
          type: 'string: ""',
          description: {
            hcl:
              "Set the maximum TLS version supported for the gateway's listeners. Must be greater than or equal to `TLSMinVersion`. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`." ,
            yaml:
              "Set the maximum TLS version supported for the gateway's listeners. Must be greater than or equal to `tls_min_version`. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`." ,
          },
        },
        {
          name: 'CipherSuites',
          type: 'array<string>: <optional>',

>           description: `A list of TLS cipher suites to support when negotiating
>                         connections using TLS 1.2 or earlier. If unspecified,
>                         Envoy will use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: `Set the default list of TLS cipher suites for the gateway's
                        listeners to support when negotiating connections using
                        TLS 1.2 or earlier. If unspecified, Envoy will use a
```

                  "Set this configuration to `true` to enable built-in TLS for this listener.<br><br>If TLS is enabled, then each host defined in the `hosts` field will be added as a DNSSAN to the gateway's x509 certificate. Note that even hosts from other listeners with TLS disabled will be added.",
              },
            },
            {
              name: 'TLSMinVersion',
              type: 'string: ""',

>               description: "Set the minimum TLS version supported for this listener. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: "Set the minimum TLS version supported for this listener. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`. If unspecified, Envoy v1.22.0 and newer [will default to TLS 1.2 as a min version](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/pull/19330), while older releases of Envoy default to TLS 1.0.",
```

            },
            {
              name: 'TLSMaxVersion',
              type: 'string: ""',
              description: {
                hcl:
                  "Set the maximum TLS version supported for this listener. Must be greater than or equal to `TLSMinVersion`. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`." ,
                yaml:
                  "Set the maximum TLS version supported for this listener. Must be greater than or equal to `tls_min_version`. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`." ,
              },
            },
            {
              name: 'CipherSuites',
              type: 'array<string>: <optional>',
              description: `A list of TLS cipher suites to support when negotiating
                            connections using TLS 1.2 or earlier. If unspecified,
                            Envoy will use a

>                             [default server cipher list](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/transport_sockets/tls/v3/common.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-extensions-transport-sockets-tls-v3-tlsparameters-cipher-suites").
>                             <br><br>
>                             Supported values:<br>
>                             \`\`\`TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256 <br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA<br>
>                             TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256<br>
>                             TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA<br>
>                             TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA<br>
>                             TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384<br>
>                             TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA\`\`\``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            [default server cipher list](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/transport_sockets/tls/v3/common.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-extensions-transport-sockets-tls-v3-tlsparameters-cipher-suites"). The list of supported cipher suites can seen in [`types/tls.go`](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/main/types/tls.go#L154-L169) and is dependent on underlying support in Envoy - future releases of Envoy may remove currently-supported but insecure cipher suites, and future releases of Consul may add new supported cipher suites if any are added to Envoy.
```

Reviewer: Linking to the actual implementation source instead could help ensure this content remains current, and is similar to how the Agent TLS config docs handle this https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/options#tls_cipher_suites

              },
            },
            {
              name: 'TLSMinVersion',
              type: 'string: ""',
              description: "Set the minimum TLS version supported for this listener. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`.",
            },
            {
              name: 'TLSMaxVersion',
              type: 'string: ""',
              description: {
                hcl:
                  "Set the maximum TLS version supported for this listener. Must be greater than or equal to `TLSMinVersion`. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`." ,
                yaml:
                  "Set the maximum TLS version supported for this listener. Must be greater than or equal to `tls_min_version`. One of `TLS_AUTO`, `TLSv1_0`, `TLSv1_1`, `TLSv1_2`, or `TLSv1_3`." ,
              },
            },
            {
              name: 'CipherSuites',
              type: 'array<string>: <optional>',

>               description: `A list of TLS cipher suites to support when negotiating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: `Set the list of TLS cipher suites to support when negotiating
```
